Add description of id Parameter (#329)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/i2c.rst

  Defaults to ``True``.
- **frequency** (*Optional*, float): Set the frequency the I²C bus should operate on.
  Defaults to ``50kHz``. Values are ``50kHz``, ``100kHz``, ``200kHz``, ... ``800kHz``

> - **id** (Optional, ID): Manually specify the ID for this i2c Bus if you need multiple i2c buses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`) Manually specify the ID for this I²C bus if you need multiple I²C buses.
```

Also add a small `.. note:` below for explaining how this is used on the receiving end (e.g. i2c_id)

Author: I was about to ask where I should put this.
Does it make sense to add this explanation to sensor core as it is applicable to at least all sensors that are i2c, spi or uart?

Reviewer: No, sensor core is only about sensors.

Stuff like how multiple i2c buses can be used at once should go in the i2c page - that's where most users would look for first too.

Reviewer 2: Yes! You need to say that only 1 is supported in ESP8266 and only 2 are supported in ESP32

Reviewer: Does ESP8266 only support 1? I thought ESP8266 used a sw i2c implementation, so should allow multiple ones.

Reviewer 2: Ahhh yes ESP8266 is sw. Sorry, my bad.
But ESP32 only supports 2 via hardware, and then esp8266 will be limited by pin availability then.
It will be worth mentioning that to address https://github.com/esphome/issues/issues/539

Author: From what i saw ESP32 can have 3 hw but i have only tested 2 so far.
I´m creating a new pull request with more details in a few minutes.
Any thing else i should include?

Reviewer 2: @guptamp according to this https://www.espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/esp32_datasheet_en.pdf section 4.1.11 there are only 2

Author: I think your right and I can´t find the website I saw it before anymore.

  Defaults to ``True``.
- **frequency** (*Optional*, float): Set the frequency the I²C bus should operate on.
  Defaults to ``50kHz``. Values are ``50kHz``, ``100kHz``, ``200kHz``, ... ``800kHz``
- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`) Manually specify the ID for this I²C bus if you need multiple I²C buses.
  

>   *Note:*

Reviewer: In RST, you do notes like this:

```rst
.. note::

	Text that goes in note
```

https://esphome.io/guides/contributing.html#syntax

  If the device can support multiple I²C buses (ESP32 has 2) these buses need to be defined as below and sensors need to be setup specifying the correct bus:
.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry
    i2c:
      - id: bus_a
        sda: 13
        scl: 16
        scan: True
      - id: bus_b
        sda: 14
        scl: 15
        scan: True
   # Sensors should be specified as follows
   - platform: bme680
     i2c_id: bus_b
     address: 0x76

>      ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # ...
```

Otherwise the YAML parser will not like it
